Doc: mention that frozen production can yield varying production per period (#13209)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: src/lang/english.txt

STR_CONFIG_SETTING_ENDING_YEAR_ZERO                             :Never

STR_CONFIG_SETTING_ECONOMY_TYPE                                 :Economy type: {STRING2}

> STR_CONFIG_SETTING_ECONOMY_TYPE_HELPTEXT                        :Smooth economy makes production changes more often, and in smaller steps. Frozen economy stops production changes and industry closures. This setting may have no effect if industry types are provided by a NewGRF.{}{}The number of production events per period (minute/month) varies slightly as production happens at a fixed game tick interval, so production still varies slightly when aggregated per period while the economy is frozen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_ECONOMY_TYPE_HELPTEXT                        :Smooth economy makes production changes more often, and in smaller steps. Frozen economy stops production changes and industry closures. This setting may have no effect if industry types are provided by a NewGRF.{}{}Industry production per month/minute may still appear to vary if the economy is Frozen, because production is triggered at fixed intervals which do not exactly correspond to months/minutes.
```
It would be nice if we show the currently relevant unit instead of unwieldy "months/minutes". Maybe something like this, if there is no string code for it?
https://github.com/OpenTTD/OpenTTD/blob/7b3b923744e8988dfb522131325a222158befc92/src/lang/english.txt#L941-L942

Author: There is no string code for it, but there is a callback that can be used.
